OAuth 2.0 Rest API
==================

Schema
++++++

All API access is over HTTPS, and accessed from the `https://openstackid.org/`
domain. All data is sent and received as JSON.

Parameters
++++++++++

Many API methods take optional parameters. For GET requests, any parameters not
specified as a segment in the path can be passed as an HTTP query string

Pagination
++++++++++

Requests that return multiple items will be paginated to 10 items by
default.  You can specify further pages with the `?page` parameter. For some
resources, you can also set a custom page size up to 100 with the `?per_page` parameter.

Rate Limiting
+++++++++++++

This is configured per API endpoint.
You can check the returned HTTP headers of any API request to see your current
rate limit status:

X-RateLimit-Limit: 60
X-RateLimit-Remaining: 56
X-RateLimit-Reset: 1372700873

The headers tell you everything you need to know about your current rate limit status:

Header Name | Description
------------|-----------|
`X-RateLimit-Limit` | The maximum number of requests that the consumer is permitted to make per hour.
`X-RateLimit-Remaining` | The number of requests remaining in the current rate limit window.
`X-RateLimit-Reset` | the number os seconds remaining until the current rate limit window resets.

If your application triggers this rate limit, you'll receive an informative
response:

<pre class="terminal">
HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
Connection: close

{
  "message": "You have triggered an abuse detection mechanism and have been temporarily blocked from content creation. Please retry your request again later.",
}
</pre>

Conditional requests
++++++++++++++++++++

Most responses return an `ETag` header. You can use the values
of this headers to make subsequent requests to those resources using the
`If-None-Match` header, respectively. If the resource
has not changed, the server will return a `304 Not Modified`.


Cross Origin Resource Sharing
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The API supports Cross Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) for AJAX requests from
any origin.
You can read the [CORS W3C Recommendation](http://www.w3.org/TR/cors), or
[this intro](http://code.google.com/p/html5security/wiki/CrossOriginRequestSecurity) from the
HTML 5 Security Guide.

JSON-P Callbacks
++++++++++++++++

You can send a `?callback` parameter to any GET call to have the results
wrapped in a JSON function.  This is typically used when browsers want
to embed OpenStack content in web pages by getting around cross domain
issues.  The response includes the same data output as the regular API,
plus the relevant HTTP Header information.


User API
********

    Allows to get additional info about current user (Me)

Examples
++++++++


Request

GET /api/v1/users/me HTTP/1.1

Response

{
    "name":"Sebastian",
    "family_name":"Marcet",
    "nickname":"Sebastian Marcet",
    "picture":"http:\/\/www.openstack.org\/assets\/profile-images\/IMG-20140912-WA0003.jpg",
    "birthdate":"",
    "gender":"Male",
    "email":"sebastian@tipit.net"
}

MarketPlace API
***************

Public Clouds Endpoints
+++++++++++++++++++++++

    Allows to get read only access to public clouds related data ( clouds and data centers locations)

* api/v1/marketplace/public-clouds (GET): get a list of public clouds

Query string params:

- page:
    used in conjunction with `per_page` query string parameter. indicates the desired page number, when we want paginate
    over results
- per_page:
    used in conjunction with `page` query string parameter. indicates the desired page size
- status:
    (optional filter) allow us to get active, non active or all public clouds
- order_by:
    (optional) used in conjunction with query string parameter `order_dir`, point out the desired order of the result
    (date or name)
- order_dir:
    (optional) used in conjunction with query string parameter `order`, point out the desired order direction of the result
    (asc or desc)

Response:

{
    "total":20,
    "per_page":10,
    "current_page":1,
    "last_page":2,
    "from":1,
    "to":10,
    "data":[
        {
          "ID":"YYYY",
          "Created":"2014-04-23 05:36:10",
          "LastEdited":"2015-02-04 11:13:58",
          "Name":"Next-Generation AgileCLOUD",
          "Slug":"next-generation-agilecloud",
          "Overview":"....",
          "Call2ActionUri":"http:\/\/....",
          "Active":"1",
          "CompanyID":"XXX"
          }
          ,{...}
          ]
}

* api/v1/marketplace/public-clouds/{ID} (GET): get desired public cloud point out by ID param

Path params:

- ID:
  Public Cloud ID

Response:

* api/v1/marketplace/public-clouds/{ID}/data-centers (GET): get data center locations for public cloud pointed out by
ID param

Path params:

- ID:
  Public Cloud ID

Response:

Private Clouds Endpoints
++++++++++++++++++++++++

    Allows to get read only access to private clouds related data ( clouds and data centers locations)

* api/v1/marketplace/private-clouds (GET): get a list of private clouds

Query string params:

- page:
    used in conjunction with `per_page` query string parameter. indicates the desired page number, when we want paginate
    over results
- per_page:
    used in conjunction with `page` query string parameter. indicates the desired page size
- status:
    (optional filter) allow us to get active, non active or all public clouds
- order_by:
    (optional) used in conjunction with query string parameter `order_dir`, point out the desired order of the result
    (date or name)
- order_dir:
    (optional) used in conjunction with query string parameter `order`, point out the desired order direction of the result
    (asc or desc)

Response:

{
    "total":20,
    "per_page":10,
    "current_page":1,
    "last_page":2,
    "from":1,
    "to":10,
    "data":[
        {
          "ID":"YYYY",
          "Created":"2014-04-23 05:36:10",
          "LastEdited":"2015-02-04 11:13:58",
          "Name":"Next-Generation AgileCLOUD",
          "Slug":"next-generation-agilecloud",
          "Overview":"....",
          "Call2ActionUri":"http:\/\/....",
          "Active":"1",
          "CompanyID":"XXX"
          }
          ,{...}
          ]
}


* api/v1/marketplace/private-clouds/{ID} (GET): get desired private cloud point out by ID param

Path params:

- ID:
  Private Cloud ID

Response:

* api/v1/marketplace/private-clouds/{ID}/data-centers (GET): get data center locations for private cloud pointed out by
ID param

Path params:

- ID:
  Private Cloud ID

Response:

Consultants Endpoints
+++++++++++++++++++++

 Allows to get read only access to consultants related data ( consultants and offices locations)

* api/v1/marketplace/consultants (GET): get a list of consultants

Query string params:

- page:
    used in conjunction with `per_page` query string parameter. indicates the desired page number, when we want paginate
    over results
- per_page:
    used in conjunction with `page` query string parameter. indicates the desired page size
- status:
    (optional filter) allow us to get active, non active or all public clouds
- order_by:
    (optional) used in conjunction with query string parameter `order_dir`, point out the desired order of the result
    (date or name)
- order_dir:
    (optional) used in conjunction with query string parameter `order`, point out the desired order direction of the result
    (asc or desc)


* api/v1/marketplace/consultants/{CONSULTANT-ID} (GET):

* api/v1/marketplace/consultants/{CONSULTANT-ID}/offices (GET):